README.md, before:

# neto-api

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/neto-api.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/neto-api)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/neto-api.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/neto-api)

A promise based client for the Neto Ecommerce API.

### `npm i neto-api`

## Initialisation

Before you start making calls, you will need to initialise the API like so:

```javascript
const { NetoAPI } = require("neto-api");

const mySite = new NetoAPI({
  url: "https://myawesomesite.neto.com.au",
  key: "api-key",
  user: "user" // optional
});
```

This library can also be used with Neto's OAuth program by providing the `oauth_clientId` and `oauth_secret` configuration options instead of `key`. Here is an example:

```javascript
const mySite = new NetoAPI({
  url: "https://myawesomesite.neto.com.au",
  oauth_clientId: "clientId",
  oauth_secret: "secret"
});
```

## Basic syntax

Once the library is initialised, you can use it like so:

```javascript
mySite.type // See below for a list of supported types
  .method() // See below for a list of methods for each type (generally add, get or update)
  .exec() // Returns a promise that resolves with the API response in JSON format
  .then(response) // Response object is returned via callback
  .catch(err); // Always handle your errors ;)
```

[Supported types and methods](#supported-types-and-methods)

## Examples

### item.add

```javascript
mySite.item
  .add({ SKU: "smp_3" })
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

### order.get

```javascript
mySite.order
  .get({ OrderStatus: ["New", "Pick"] })
  .output(["OrderID"])
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    for (let order of response.Order) {
      console.log(order);
    }
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

### customer.update

```javascript
mySite.customer
  .update({ Username: "someguy", EmailAddress: "bob@email.com" })
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

## Advanced usage

### Chaining

`.add()` and `.update()` methods can be chained together with themselves to improve readability - the request itself will only be sent when `.exec()` is called. Check it out below:

```javascript
mySite.item
  .add({ SKU: "smp_1" })
  .add({ SKU: "smp_2" })
  .add({ SKU: "smp_3" })
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

This allows you to some other cool stuff, such as building a bulk request to execute at some time in the future:

```javascript
// Expose a copy of the request type
var addItems = api.item;
// Do some stuff...
addItems = addItems.add({ SKU: "smp_1" });
// Do some other stuff...
addItems = addItems.add({ SKU: "smp_2" });
// Keep building the request...
addItems = addItems.add({ SKU: "smp_3" });

// Finally execute the request at a later time
addItems
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

Chaining `.get()` methods will be supported soon, I promise.

### async/await support

Because this library is built on promises, it supports the use of `async` and `await` operators. Here's an example:

```javascript
async function addItem() {
  try {
    var response = mySite.item.add({ SKU: "smp_1" }).exec();
    // Do some stuff...
    console.log(await response);
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}
addItem();
```

It's that easy!

## Supported types and methods

### `.cart`

| Method                          | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <code>.get( CartFilter )</code> | `GetCart`       |

### `.category`

| Method                                             | Neto API Action  |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| <code>.add( Category &#124; Category[] )</code>    | `AddCategory`    |
| <code>.get( CategoryFilter )</code>                | `GetCategory`    |
| <code>.update( Category &#124; Category[] )</code> | `UpdateCategory` |

### `.content`

| Method                                           | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Content &#124; Content[] )</code>    | `AddContent`    |
| <code>.get( ContentFilter )</code>               | `GetContent`    |
| <code>.update( Content &#124; Content[] )</code> | `UpdateContent` |

### `.currency`

| Method                                           | Neto API Action          |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ |
| <code>.getSettings()</code>                      | `GetCurrencySettings`    |
| <code>.updateSettings( CurrencySettings )</code> | `UpdateCurrencySettings` |

### `.customer`

| Method                                                      | Neto API Action     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| <code>.add( Customer &#124; Customer[] )</code>             | `AddCustomer`       |
| <code>.get( CustomerFilter )</code>                         | `GetCustomer`       |
| <code>.update( Customer &#124; Customer[] )</code>          | `UpdateCustomer`    |
| <code>.addLog( CustomerLog &#124; CustomerLog[] )</code>    | `AddCustomerLog`    |
| <code>.updateLog( CustomerLog &#124; CustomerLog[] )</code> | `UpdateCustomerLog` |

### `.item`

| Method                                     | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Item &#124; Item[] )</code>    | `AddItem`       |
| <code>.get( ItemFilter )</code>            | `GetItem`       |
| <code>.update( Item &#124; Item[] )</code> | `UpdateItem`    |

### `.order`

| Method                                       | Neto API Action |
| -------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Order &#124; Order[] )</code>    | `AddOrder`      |
| <code>.get( OrderFilter )</code>             | `GetOrder`      |
| <code>.update( Order &#124; Order[] )</code> | `UpdateOrder`   |

### `.payment`

| Method                                        | Neto API Action     |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| <code>.add( Payment &#124; Payment[] )</code> | `AddPayment`        |
| <code>.get( PaymentFilter )</code>            | `GetPayment`        |
| <code>.getMethods()</code>                    | `GetPaymentMethods` |

### `.rma`

| Method                                | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Rma &#124; Rma[] )</code> | `AddRma`        |
| <code>.get( RmaFilter )</code>        | `GetRma`        |

### `.shipping`

| Method                                  | Neto API Action      |
| --------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| <code>.getMethods()</code>              | `GetShippingMethods` |
| <code>.getQuote( ShippingQuote )</code> | `GetShippingQuote`   |

### `.supplier`

| Method                                             | Neto API Action  |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| <code>.add( Supplier &#124; Supplier[] )</code>    | `AddSupplier`    |
| <code>.get( SupplierFilter )</code>                | `GetSupplier`    |
| <code>.update( Supplier &#124; Supplier[] )</code> | `UpdateSupplier` |

### `.voucher`

| Method                                           | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Voucher &#124; Voucher[] )</code>    | `AddVoucher`    |
| <code>.get( VoucherFilter )</code>               | `GetVoucher`    |
| <code>.update( Voucher &#124; Voucher[] )</code> | `UpdateVoucher` |

### `.warehouse`

| Method                                               | Neto API Action   |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| <code>.add( Warehouse &#124; Warehouse[] )</code>    | `AddWarehouse`    |
| <code>.get( WarehouseFilter )</code>                 | `GetWarehouse`    |
| <code>.update( Warehouse &#124; Warehouse[] )</code> | `UpdateWarehouse` |

## Endpoint actions not supported yet

- [ ] Accounting
  - [ ] `UpdateAccountingSystemRelatedAccount`
  - [ ] `DeleteAccountingSystemRelatedAccount`
  - [ ] `AddAccountingSystemRelatedAccount`
  - [ ] `GetAccountingSystemRelatedAccounts`

Neto API documentation available [here](http://developers.neto.com.au/documentation/engineers/api-documentation/getting-started/getting-started/).

Note: This is currently a personal project of mine and is not offically endorsed or supported by Neto.

Commit message:

Add authentication heading to readme

README.md, after:

# neto-api

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/neto-api.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/neto-api)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/neto-api.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/neto-api)

A promise based client for the Neto Ecommerce API.

### `npm i neto-api`

## Initialisation

Before you start making calls, you will need to initialise the API like so:

```javascript
const { NetoAPI } = require("neto-api");

const mySite = new NetoAPI({
  url: "https://myawesomesite.neto.com.au",
  key: "api-key",
  user: "user" // optional
});
```

This library can also be used with Neto's OAuth program by providing the `oauth_clientId` and `oauth_secret` configuration options instead of `key`. Here is an example:

```javascript
const mySite = new NetoAPI({
  url: "https://myawesomesite.neto.com.au",
  oauth_clientId: "clientId",
  oauth_secret: "secret"
});
```

## Authentication

This library doesn't handle any authentication logic, it assumes that you already have obtained an API key or OAuth secret by some other means. More information on how to retrieve credentials can be found by visiting [Neto's API documentation](https://developers.neto.com.au/documentation/engineers/api-documentation/getting-started/getting-started/)

## Basic syntax

Once the library is initialised, you can use it like so:

```javascript
mySite.type // See below for a list of supported types
  .method() // See below for a list of methods for each type (generally add, get or update)
  .exec() // Returns a promise that resolves with the API response in JSON format
  .then(response) // Response object is returned via callback
  .catch(err); // Always handle your errors ;)
```

[Supported types and methods](#supported-types-and-methods)

## Examples

### item.add

```javascript
mySite.item
  .add({ SKU: "smp_3" })
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

### order.get

```javascript
mySite.order
  .get({ OrderStatus: ["New", "Pick"] })
  .output(["OrderID"])
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    for (let order of response.Order) {
      console.log(order);
    }
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

### customer.update

```javascript
mySite.customer
  .update({ Username: "someguy", EmailAddress: "bob@email.com" })
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

## Advanced usage

### Chaining

`.add()` and `.update()` methods can be chained together with themselves to improve readability - the request itself will only be sent when `.exec()` is called. Check it out below:

```javascript
mySite.item
  .add({ SKU: "smp_1" })
  .add({ SKU: "smp_2" })
  .add({ SKU: "smp_3" })
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

This allows you to some other cool stuff, such as building a bulk request to execute at some time in the future:

```javascript
// Expose a copy of the request type
var addItems = api.item;
// Do some stuff...
addItems = addItems.add({ SKU: "smp_1" });
// Do some other stuff...
addItems = addItems.add({ SKU: "smp_2" });
// Keep building the request...
addItems = addItems.add({ SKU: "smp_3" });

// Finally execute the request at a later time
addItems
  .exec()
  .then(response => {
    console.log(response);
  })
  .catch(err => console.log(err));
```

Chaining `.get()` methods will be supported soon, I promise.

### async/await support

Because this library is built on promises, it supports the use of `async` and `await` operators. Here's an example:

```javascript
async function addItem() {
  try {
    var response = mySite.item.add({ SKU: "smp_1" }).exec();
    // Do some stuff...
    console.log(await response);
  } catch (err) {
    console.log(err);
  }
}
addItem();
```

It's that easy!

## Supported types and methods

### `.cart`

| Method                          | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <code>.get( CartFilter )</code> | `GetCart`       |

### `.category`

| Method                                             | Neto API Action  |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| <code>.add( Category &#124; Category[] )</code>    | `AddCategory`    |
| <code>.get( CategoryFilter )</code>                | `GetCategory`    |
| <code>.update( Category &#124; Category[] )</code> | `UpdateCategory` |

### `.content`

| Method                                           | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Content &#124; Content[] )</code>    | `AddContent`    |
| <code>.get( ContentFilter )</code>               | `GetContent`    |
| <code>.update( Content &#124; Content[] )</code> | `UpdateContent` |

### `.currency`

| Method                                           | Neto API Action          |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ |
| <code>.getSettings()</code>                      | `GetCurrencySettings`    |
| <code>.updateSettings( CurrencySettings )</code> | `UpdateCurrencySettings` |

### `.customer`

| Method                                                      | Neto API Action     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| <code>.add( Customer &#124; Customer[] )</code>             | `AddCustomer`       |
| <code>.get( CustomerFilter )</code>                         | `GetCustomer`       |
| <code>.update( Customer &#124; Customer[] )</code>          | `UpdateCustomer`    |
| <code>.addLog( CustomerLog &#124; CustomerLog[] )</code>    | `AddCustomerLog`    |
| <code>.updateLog( CustomerLog &#124; CustomerLog[] )</code> | `UpdateCustomerLog` |

### `.item`

| Method                                     | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Item &#124; Item[] )</code>    | `AddItem`       |
| <code>.get( ItemFilter )</code>            | `GetItem`       |
| <code>.update( Item &#124; Item[] )</code> | `UpdateItem`    |

### `.order`

| Method                                       | Neto API Action |
| -------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Order &#124; Order[] )</code>    | `AddOrder`      |
| <code>.get( OrderFilter )</code>             | `GetOrder`      |
| <code>.update( Order &#124; Order[] )</code> | `UpdateOrder`   |

### `.payment`

| Method                                        | Neto API Action     |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| <code>.add( Payment &#124; Payment[] )</code> | `AddPayment`        |
| <code>.get( PaymentFilter )</code>            | `GetPayment`        |
| <code>.getMethods()</code>                    | `GetPaymentMethods` |

### `.rma`

| Method                                | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Rma &#124; Rma[] )</code> | `AddRma`        |
| <code>.get( RmaFilter )</code>        | `GetRma`        |

### `.shipping`

| Method                                  | Neto API Action      |
| --------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| <code>.getMethods()</code>              | `GetShippingMethods` |
| <code>.getQuote( ShippingQuote )</code> | `GetShippingQuote`   |

### `.supplier`

| Method                                             | Neto API Action  |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| <code>.add( Supplier &#124; Supplier[] )</code>    | `AddSupplier`    |
| <code>.get( SupplierFilter )</code>                | `GetSupplier`    |
| <code>.update( Supplier &#124; Supplier[] )</code> | `UpdateSupplier` |

### `.voucher`

| Method                                           | Neto API Action |
| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| <code>.add( Voucher &#124; Voucher[] )</code>    | `AddVoucher`    |
| <code>.get( VoucherFilter )</code>               | `GetVoucher`    |
| <code>.update( Voucher &#124; Voucher[] )</code> | `UpdateVoucher` |

### `.warehouse`

| Method                                               | Neto API Action   |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| <code>.add( Warehouse &#124; Warehouse[] )</code>    | `AddWarehouse`    |
| <code>.get( WarehouseFilter )</code>                 | `GetWarehouse`    |
| <code>.update( Warehouse &#124; Warehouse[] )</code> | `UpdateWarehouse` |

## Endpoint actions not supported yet

- [ ] Accounting
  - [ ] `UpdateAccountingSystemRelatedAccount`
  - [ ] `DeleteAccountingSystemRelatedAccount`
  - [ ] `AddAccountingSystemRelatedAccount`
  - [ ] `GetAccountingSystemRelatedAccounts`

Neto API documentation available [here](http://developers.neto.com.au/documentation/engineers/api-documentation/getting-started/getting-started/).

Note: This is currently a personal project of mine and is not offically endorsed or supported by Neto.
